Master Yang, you must have heard it just now
I heard that this handed down jade screen has some bumps.
And it's been lost for a long time
But one kick is just a rumor
No food
Can't be serious
Pardon me?
As for the loss
I think it's just made up by unofficial history
Not very credible
But I have to admit
Your official family is really amazing
You can even get something like this
Let him see the world again
Hey miss guan
Miss Guan
It's your turn to announce the results
Master Yang
I guess you're right.
I admit that I misread you before.
You are indeed a man of real talent and learning.
What? That's impossible.
Miss Guan
If you can't provide strong evidence
I have to suspect that you are lying to him.
Here we go.
This is a picture by Mr. Jiang, the antique master
It's clear inside
It is clearly written on the authenticity of this porcelain vase
If you don't believe
Ask him again
But it doesn't matter.
Just a few days
Mr. Jiang will report the matter to the above
Pretty soon.
This vase will also be placed behind the National Museum
Then everyone will see and share
Since no one has an opinion
Then let's wait for the third question.
Why, Master Xie, are you still not satisfied?
No, I believe Miss Guan is in this matter
Don't tell lies
I just want to
Master Yang, you have answered two questions correctly in a row
Why don't we gamble on the combination?